Version 1:
	Description: finishing writing vertical line and add the status bar to the game.
	Problem: The location of the bar on the screen is not on the bottom of the screen.
	Solution: Change the register value of the mode_X_CRTC since the 0x12 register determine the number of line in the VGA, i just change it to 400 lines.

Version 2:
	Description: finishing putting the level,fruit_number,time to the game.
	Problem: The content of the level, fruit and the time can't shown in the status bar. And when i move the people, the status bar will copy the image of the people.
	Solution: The reason is that i wrongly locate the location in the vedio memory. It's not a big bug i just wrongly write i as j in the for loop.

Version 3:
	Description: finishing the masking.
	Problem: Failed. When moving the character, it still has the black in the screen.
	Solution: I wrongly using the loop. We should first use the show_bar to calculate the character and restore. Then do the show_screen, then draw_full_block.

Version 4:
	Description: finishing the color of wall,character, and show the string.
	Problem: The string can't show correct transparent color and when moving to the up it will be black and have screw.
	Solution: First change the 64 index palette into 128 index palette with last 64 index for transparent color.
	              Just set a limit for the string to move when touch the top. If out of the limit just stick the y_value of the string.

Version 5:
	Description: finishing the driver set for the ioctl including the init, led, button and write input.
	Problem: it seems that the definition of the init,led,button is right but the input just can't show what i want.
	Solution: Since we use a lock to control the flag of the function, it seems that the init function may need some time to finish but
	               the second function can't wait so it will just be skip. I just add a sleep(5) between function to make the led show.

Version 6:
	Description: finishing the tux_thread in the mazegame.c and update the time into the tux.
	Problem: it seems that the tux can't control the main loop.
	Solution: I can't find out what is going wrong. It seems that my logic is right. I just re-write the thread and turn off the computer, make clean
		all the things. The problem is solved. I guess it might be some mis-write due to the carelessness.